hi I'm Brian Chi we're here with car TV
stomping through the 2005 cielo Auto
Show looking for the coolest cars and I
think we found it the Ford GT x1 and
it's designer builder Kip Ewing tell me
a little bit about this car how you came
about to build it and what your goals
were in coming up with this sort of
great take on an already famous GT pride
well I was originally part of the
original design team for the Ford GT and
I think with every program I've been on
I always think what would I do to this
car if I owned it myself and that would
be basically take it and cut the roof
off basically what I wanted to do was
leverage the relationships that we have
in the aftermarket find a coach builder
that could work with to give him an
opportunity to develop his own business
to do this as a conversion so if you
energy seed contact mark dara shikoh
naughty design go to gtx 1.com and you
can learn about what it would take if
you own a GT to have this done to your
car the basic conversion to take the
roof off is thirty thousand dollars so
is it as simple as its cutting the top
off or what's the engineering behind
that the four panel top that you've got
on this car the basic GT is a very stiff
car so when we cut that central part of
the roof off it didn't have a dramatic
effect on stiffnesses it would with a
normal car the rough panel system it was
important for us to have something that
was usable at speed a lot of these audit
convertibles you can't really drive to
their full potential with the roof up so
the hard panel system it really gives us
a lot of advantages over a typical soft
top we also wanted the top to store in
the car so you didn't have to leave it
at home in case you were caught in the
rain so the outer panels of the roof are
removable allows you to drive the car as
a t-top the center parts that are left
when you're drugging is a t-top can be
also taken off to turn the car and go
full convertible all four of these
panels though in different locations
within the car to allowing you to take
those with you in case it does have a
change in the weather
one more question inspiration and doing
this what would you say your largest
inspirations very were largest
inspiration I'd probably say watching
too much speed racer is a little boy
it's 1960s all the way it's a the double
head carrying form in the back is very
much like a 60s sports racing car it's
all his inspirations as a kid to come
back somewhere and if you love cars as a
kid it's going to show up in your work
thanks very much
you